Adszu
=====

Adszu is an advertisting platform meant to target shoppers in big box electroncs, appliance, and hardware stores, even CPG's like grocery stores. The idea behind Adszu is to enable manufacturers to reach out to consumers precisely at the time that they are making a purchase decision. An excerpt from the "Adszu Overview" (found in the Design folder) describes the platform further as:

*The Marketing Platform of the Future—Now*

The Adszu Network follows the same pattern as that of Google Ad Words. Consider that with Google Ad Words, marketers bid for “advertising space” based on search keywords that will trigger impressions of their ads. The more common the keyword, the more expensive the cost-per-click will be to the advertiser. Conversely, the more specialized the keyword is, the less expensive the cost-per-click will be. When a user performs a search, Google begins to work its magic to ﬁnd and display the most-relevant advertisements based on the user’s search terms. This “magic” is based on the bids that were previously-placed by marketers on those search words.

The Adszu Network works in a similar way to Google Ad Words but gives marketers a much richer set of characteristics on which to target their customers. Consider that every type of  product—TV’s, cameras, appliances—have their own sets of descriptive properties. For a TV, there’s the screen size and resolution, whereas a camera has megapixels. Capacity is a key property of a refrigerator. Marketers can bid for “advertising space” based on speciﬁc products, or the properties of products, that are snapped by the consumer at a retail store. In addition to bidding on product properties, the Adszu Network also lets marketers target consumers based on the tag’s geographic location, retailer, day of the week, time of the day, etc. For example, if a consumer snaps a tag for a Sony 55” HDTV and Samsung has the highest bid price for 55” HDTV, Samsung’s oﬀer would appear on the consumer’s smartphone ahead of Sony’s oﬀer. In addition, the size of offer from Samsung or another competitor may depend on data like, remaining inventory at the retail location, or willingness to liquidate this product prior to a new release, etc. All of this can happen in real time thanks to Adszu.

This level of consumer targeting is the perfect ﬁt for the “new world order” of shopping experience and is now available with the Adszu Network. It takes advantage of existing technologies that are rapidly becoming commonplace and incorporates ALL of the resources that make a good shopping experience possible; the internet, ecommerce, smartphones and our favorite retail stores.

